I laugh gently on the warming
climate because that's where we see
that the media dominance is to
to be able to say that it is daytime when he
night is never so cold
in europe and has never liked so much
I do not really know where the
global warming but that's
something else
what is interesting is to see that
ecology which was an ideology of a
some way anti anti market has
long been a pebble in the
shoe market the market whose
purpose is to recycle everything on the fly and aa
look how to do ecology
something that works for the
market so today we are at once
a market ecology that ended up
triumph and the signal was given by
al gore and his grotesque film and
lying about hidden truths or
I do not have too much of you truths
bad to say a game it's more the
title of this phony film and today
we are in the reign of ecology
market which is also the market of
ecology this is the story of the
global warming is a
fraud
because if there has been global warming
it's due to the solar activity is
absolutely not to human production
of co2 but against this scam
bring anyway something that is
awesome and which by the way was theorized
I think by Goldman Sachs is lead
the world's most awesome tax for
the oligarchy what the team is pole
the break on the right to breathe and
the tax on the air we breathe
it's exactly what's called the tax
carbon and so that's a way of
take money well done
which today two-dimensional
ultra liberal total fiction
globalist it's a currency that
does not exist which is the dollar that is
a counterfeit full currency and
the ultimate tax tax that is
excellent what taxes on the right to
breathe the air we breathe and there we
arrives at perfect fulfillment and
ultimate liberalism
1 ie no creation of
riches that fictitious value is
on the other hand, maximum taxation on
right to breathe
that's it and it's obvious that the tax
carbon to other goals it's to
his archie globalist colleagues
control under the pretext of pollution the
flights industrial development or
the industrial blockage of who she wants
especially to help the most
pollutants being emerging countries and
It is obvious that the polluting countries of
tomorrow according to this criterion there will be well
obviously china india brazil etc
in fact the united states because
the oligarchy
as to the united states like a maggot
in a cheese is to block the
take off two of the how would I say
competing powers of tomorrow from
to invent a tax racket on a subject
bills with the addition of
all the Christians in the world because
the environmentalists today are the
useful idiots they took over from
anti fascist today we left
fascists may be starting to wear one
little because anti fascism as
anti racism
anti-fascism as anti-racism to the
danger is to climb from a shown
finger israel and that so today we
sees very well that there is a decline in
anti-racist bullshit what besides
explains putting the setting aside of
julien dray
because anti-racism and
of antifascists work against israel and
camille israel has a lot to do with
the globalist oligarchy 1
so today is obvious that
the future there are 2 there are two of
ideology
how about hijacking
of their diversion
future of anti-Islamism and ecology
these are the two vectors of the
political stupidity
Young will embody perfectly
in all their nonsense we can
trust
it will be the ecology of warming
climate change and the fight against
Islamic fascism and you will see that
the political future but then that will make the
good butter from the national front and not the
ours the other the good cohn butter
bendit and all that to avoid
undermines a global problem that
is the iron law of capital and the
the violence it generates and the
contradictions that it generates that are that
at the same time it's a totally
deadly exactly as a lover to
data the real socialism and is the
complete betrayal not only of the
socialism as like as a field of
peoples and as and as promises of
donations out of the story and the violence
maximum on what they were supposed to
released who was the proletariat because
that it's still in the end that
bring a little solidarnosc that even if
it's paid by the cia
we can put money on people
angry can not make the
anger totally here and so here I am
you announced it clear both both
levers of manipulation of stupidity
human for the coming years will be
ecology and anti-islamism
it's clear it's a little late
anti-fascism and anti- racism